
=== PAGE 1 ===
Annual Registration Statement / Annual Report 2025 
Form 56-1 One Report 
(e-One Report)
CENTRAL PATTANA PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED
Fiscal Year End 31 December 2025


=== PAGE 2 ===
#MARKER:TOC
Table of Contents
Page
Part 1 Business Operations and Performance                                                                                                       
1. Organizational structure and operation of the group of companies
1.1 Policy and business overview                                                                                                                                                              1
1.2 Business Operations                                                                                                                                                                         15
1.3 Shareholding structure                                                                                                                                                                      31
1.4 Number of registered capital and paid-up capital                                                                                                                                 53
1.5 Issuance of other securities                                                                                                                                                               54
1.6 Dividend payment policy                                                                                                                                                                  60
2. Risk management
2.1 Risk mgmt policy and plan                                                                                                                                                                62
2.2 Risk factors                                                                                                                                                                                      65
3. Business sustainability development
3.1 Sustainability Management Policy and Targets                                                                                                                                     85
3.2 Management of impacts on stakeholders in the business value chain                                                                                                     96
3.3 Management of environmental sustainability                                                                                                                                     119
3.4 Social sustainability management                                                                                                                                                     144
4. Management Discussion and Analysis (MD&A)
4.1 Operation, financial condition and material changes, accompanied by the causes or factors contributing thereto during the past year          182
4.2 Potential factors or incidents that may materially affect the financial condition or the operating results                                                    187
4.3 Disclose information from the financial statements and significant financial ratios                                                                                   189
5. General information and other material facts
5.1 General information                                                                                                                                                                        197
5.2 Other material facts                                                                                                                                                                        200
5.3 Legal disputes                                                                                                                                                                                201
5.4 Secondary market                                                                                                                                                                          202
5.5 Financial institution with regular contact (only in case of debt securities offeror)                                                                                    203


=== PAGE 3 ===
#MARKER:TOC
Table of Contents (continued)
Page
Part 2 Corporate Governance                                                                                                                            
6. Corporate governance policy
6.1 Corporate Governance Policy                                                                                                                                                           204
6.2 Business code of conduct (if any)                                                                                                                                                     220
6.3 Material changes and developments regarding policy, guidelines and corporate governance system in the preceding year                           227
7. Corporate governance structure and significant information related to the board of directors, subcommittees, executives, employees, and others
7.1 Corporate Governance Structure                                                                                                                                                      231
7.2 Information on the Board of Directors                                                                                                                                               233
7.3 Information on subcommittees                                                                                                                                                        253
7.4 Information on executives                                                                                                                                                               264
7.5 Information on employees                                                                                                                                                              271
7.6 Other significant information                                                                                                                                                            276
8. Report on key operating results on corporate governance
8.1 Summary of duty performance of the Board of Directors in the past year                                                                                              280
8.2 Report on the results of duty performance of the Audit Committee in the past year                                                                               318
8.3 Summary of the results of duty performance of subcommittees                                                                                                          322
9. Internal control and related party transactions
9.1 Internal control                                                                                                                                                                              329
9.2 Related party transactions                                                                                                                                                               335
Part 3 Financial Statement                                                                                                                                
Board of Directors' Responsibility Statement for the Financial Report                                                                                                         373
Auditor’s Report                                                                                                                                                                                  375
Financial Statements                                                                                                                                                                            381
Notes to the Financial Statements                                                                                                                                                         393
Back up attachment                                                                                                                                         
Attachment                                                                                                                                                                                        479


=== PAGE 4 ===
Part 1 Business Operations and Performance
#MARKER:PAGE_PART_1
Part 1 Business Operations and Performance


=== PAGE 5 ===
#MARKER:PART_1
Part 1 Business Operations and Performance     1
1. Organizational structure and operation of the group of companies
1.1 Policy and business overview
      Central Pattana Public Company Limited (“The Company” or  “Central Pattana”) was established under the name 
of “Central Plaza Co., Ltd.” on June 17, 1980, with an initial registered capital of Baht 300 mn In 1982, Central Pattana 
launched Central Ladprao, the first fully integrated shopping mall in Thailand, followed by Central Ramindra, Central 
Pinklao and Central Pattaya Center (currently Central Marina Outlet). Central Pattana was listed on the Stock Exchange 
of Thailand (SET) on March 1, 1995, with a registered capital of Baht 1,000 mn and a par value of Baht 10 per share. 
Currently, its paid-up capital is Baht 2,244 mn, with a par value of Baht 0.5 per share, of which the majority is held by 
Central Holdings Co., Ltd.
      Currently, Central Pattana develops and manages large scale shopping malls and community malls in Thailand 
and Malaysia under the Retail-let Mixed-use Development strategy. Each project also includes other components; 
namely convention hall, co-working space, flex space, food center, water park in shopping mall, office building, hotel 
and residential project near Central Group's malls. Central Pattana also opens for merger and acquisition opportunities 
in other businesses related to shopping mall business that would enhance the completeness of the ecosystem.
      With the commitment to deliver sustainable growth, Central  Pattana consistently seeks for optimal sources of 
fund to finance existing operations and development plan. The Company was among the first Thai companies to 
establish mutual funds for real-estate leaseholds under the name CPN Retail Growth Leasehold Property Fund (CPNRF) 
in 2005 and CPN Commercial Growth Leasehold Property Fund (CPNCG) in 2012 to mobilize funds from domestic and 
foreign investors eyeing real-estate investment and the benefits from the property management. At the end of 2017, 
CPNRF was converted into CPN Retail Growth Leasehold REIT or CPNREIT, of which Central Pattana continues to act as 
the trust manager and the property manager of the trust and the fund.
      In 2018, Central Pattana acquired 67.5% stake in Grand Canal Land Plc. (GLAND), whose assets consist of 1) The 
Ninth Tower office building; 2) Unilever House office building (both of which have been transferred to the CPNREIT); 3) 
G Tower office building; 4) BELLE condominium for sale; and 5) four plots of undeveloped land: two with plans for 
Mixed-use project development and two for residential development. In 2021, Central Pattana acquired 96% stake in 
Siam Future  Development Public Company Limited (SF), whose assets consist of one shopping mall (Esplanade), more 
than 10 community malls, one super regional mall (Mega Bangna) and landbanks in suburban Bangkok under its Joint-
Venture company. Both investments mentioned above has elevated the Company’s business capability and 
competitiveness, leading to sustainable growth in shareholders’ return.


=== PAGE 6 ===
#MARKER:PART_1
Part 1 Business Operations and Performance     2
1.  
2.  
3.  
4.  
1.1.1 Overview of the vision, objectives, goals and business strategies
Central Pattana Beliefs
Dynamism We are driven by an entrepreneurial spirit and a belief in our ability to create a better quality 
of life for everyone. With optimism, we aim high, persist through challenges, and lead with innovation to 
improve the world around us. We are pioneering and empathetic, daring to try new things, and 
encouraging boldness in others. Our expertise, curiosity, and forward-looking mindset fuel continuous 
learning and progress.
Customers ur world of customers - shoppers, tenants, residents and beyond – is the inspiration for 
everything we do. We each have a role to play in championing them at all stages, and we push ourselves 
to go beyond their expectations, to deliver excellence for them today and in the future.
Communities We are part of an ecosystem where people from all around the world join forces to enrich 
and evolve the way we live. We care deeply about all those within those networks. We seek to create 
value for all stakeholders in our ecosystem and look to achieve sustainable growth and shared success 
through shared goals, keeping in mind people, planet and communities at every turn.
Collaboration We thrive by learning, exploring and collaborating with other people. So, we always think 
beyond ourselves: to other people, teams and departments; customers and communities; partners and 
potential partners; to other companies and synergies; to the future. We each play our part and take 
responsibility, going above and beyond, putting shared success and a long-term vision first.


=== PAGE 7 ===
#MARKER:PART_1
Part 1 Business Operations and Performance     3
Message from the chairman
Dear Shareholders
      2025 marked another successful year of Central Pattana (the Company), celebrating its 45 anniversary of 
operations. Central Pattana achieved the third consecutive year of record-breaking performance, including all-time-high 
total revenue, overall gross profit margin, net profit, and dividend. This remarkable result reaffirmed the success of it’s 
Retail-Led Mixed-Use Development strategy.
      It has been a great honor for Central Pattana to develop projects that serve as lifestyle hubs across Thailand for 
over the past 45 years, establishing Central Pattana as a leading shopping mall developer in Thailand. Throughout this 
journey, Central Pattana has cultivated a strong business ecosystem that supports the growth of its partners while 
seamlessly connecting people, communities, and the environment. As a result, its retail-led developments have 
evolved into key destinations and iconic landmarks that contribute to the development of districts, cities, and the 
nation.
      In 2025, Central Pattana reported total revenue of Baht 53,009 mn and net profit of Baht 18,841 mn, representing 
a 13% increased from previous year. This performance reflects enhanced operational efficiency, resulting in lower costs 
and a record-high gross profit margin of 58%. In addition, Central Pattana announced an increased dividend payment of 
Baht 2.40 per share, equivalent to a 57% payout ratio, demonstrating strong financial discipline and a continued 
commitment to delivering sustainable returns to shareholders.
      Shopping mall business is the core business of Central Pattana, it maintained a high average occupancy rate of 
over 90%, with total annual footfall exceeding 510 mn visits, continuing its upward trajectory. This growth was driven by 
year-round marketing activities, the introduction of new consumer experiences, and strong collaborations with both 
global and local brand partners. During the year, Central Pattana launched new projects, including Central Park, a 
flagship super core CBD mixed-use project comprising a shopping mall and Grade A office buildings, seamlessly 
integrated with the Dusit Thani Hotel and residential components. The retail and office components commenced 
operations in September 2025 and have received strong positive responses from both tenants and visitors. The project 
is poised to become a new global landmark, reinforcing Bangkok’s position as a world-class metropolis.
      In October 2025, Central Krabi was officially opened. The project exceeded expectations in terms of visitor traffic, 
while the first phase of its low-rise housing project, BAAN NINYA KRABI, achieved over 90% booking rate. Central Krabi is 
Thailand’s first sustainable-lifestyle shopping center, developed with a commitment to achieving EDGE Certification – 
Zero Level. Both projects highlight Central Pattana’s capability to deliver landmark developments of national 
significance. Additionally, asset enhancement completed during the year, including renovations at Central 
Chaengwattana and Central Pinklao, were well received by customers.
      Supported by strong operating performance and prudent financial management, Central Pattana has further 
strengthened its financial position. Recently, Central Pattana’s corporate credit rating and senior unsecured debentures 
were upgraded to “AA+” with a “Stable” outlook by TRIS Rating, reflecting the strength of its financial structure, stable 
cash flow from its retail business, and its ability to create value from mixed-use developments and related businesses.
      In 2026, Central Pattana remains committed to delivering continued growth, marking another significant milestone 
in expanding the Company’s “The Ecosystem for All.” This will be driven by the launch of new shopping malls, 
including Central Khonkaen Campus, Central Northville, and The Central, which are set to become key landmarks that 
enhance urban potential and create economic opportunities nationwide. In addition, Central Pattana continues to 
expand its non-retail portfolio, including residential business for sale and hotel business. For hotel business, the 
Company targets to have 25 hotels within the next five years. Most recently, Central Pattana announced the 
development of Oakwood Central Hat Yai, representing the debut of the Oakwood brand in Hat Yai. The project is 
strategically located adjacent to Central Hatyai, further strengthening the integrated mixed-use ecosystem.
th


=== PAGE 8 ===
#MARKER:PART_1
Part 1 Business Operations and Performance     4
      Lastly, Central Pattana would like to express its sincere appreciation to its shareholders, customers, business 
partners, financial institutions, government and private sector agencies, as well as all employees for their continued 
trust and support. Central Pattana remains committed to conducting its business with strong corporate governance and 
responsibility toward society, communities, and the environment, with the aim of delivering sustainable growth and 
shared value for all stakeholders.
Mr. Sudhitham Chirathivat
Chairman
Ms. Wallaya Chirathivat
President and Chief Executive Officer
Message from President and Chief Executive Officer
      On this occasion, I would like to inform our shareholders that the Board of Directors has approved the 
appointment of Mr. Chonwattana Uawattanasakul as President and Chief Executive Officer, effective May 1, 2026. I will 
continue to serve as a member of the Board of Directors, supporting the Company’s business operations on an ongoing 
basis. It has been a great honor to have had the opportunity to help drive the Company’s growth over the years. I am 
pleased to pass on the leadership role at a time when the Company is built upon a strong business foundation, 
supported by consistently strong performance and consecutive record-breaking results, as well as a clear pipeline of 
development projects and long-term growth opportunities.
      I am confident that under the leadership of Mr. Chonwattana Uawattanasakul, who brings extensive experience 
and deep understanding of the Company’s business, Central Pattana will continue to advance its vision and strategy of 
building “The Ecosystem for All.” This approach integrates people, communities, and business partners into a 
comprehensive ecosystem, while further unlocking the potential of the Company’s developments to create broad 
positive impacts on the economy and communities in every location we operate. Moreover, Central Pattana will 
continue to play an integral role in shaping Thailand’s future through the development of sustainable urban spaces and 
lifestyle destinations, thereby delivering long-term value to shareholders and all stakeholders.
Ms. Wallaya Chirathivat
President and Chief Executive Officer


=== PAGE 9 ===
#MARKER:PART_1
Part 1 Business Operations and Performance     5
1.  
2.  
3.  
4.  
1.  
2.  
3.  
4.  
5.  
Vision
To be a leading regional developer pioneering a better and more sustainable future for all.
Objectives
      For the Company to become a “leader in Retail-led Mixed-use real estate development and a top player in its 
core businesses including office, hotel and residential businesses”, it has therefore established its objectives or goals of 
the organization as follows:
To be an industry leader with sustainable growth under the Retail-led Mixed-use developer strategy: By 
accelerating the development of new shopping centers in potential provinces to expand the market and seek new 
revenue streams, including the expansion in office, hotel and residential businesses to generate stable turnover 
and maintain leadership in all industries.
To be the top-of-mind brand for our partners and customers: Through the development of products and services 
for customers to always enjoy new experiences, Central Pattana can be truly developed to be a “Center of Life” 
that can open a comprehensive customer experience with an omnichannel platform.
To create a business ecosystem that can maximize synergistic ecosystem through all businesses: By joining forces 
with all business groups of Central Pattana and Central Group, including various partners to strengthen 
collaboration for success, expand the business partner network, and continuously seek new business opportunities.
To be a sustainable organization with an innovative, productive, and efficient DNA culture: Our people and 
organization continue to increase efficiency, develop effectiveness, and promote innovation (via BEST & FIT 
Projects), and we strive to develop our organization to align with our sustainable goals – in society, environment, 
and governance aspects.
Goals
Imagining Better Futures for All
Business strategies
To achieve our vision, we are guided by and committed to five key strategic areas
Center of Lifeur mission is to create spaces that are at the center of people’s lives, for better quality of life and 
living, through the development of mixed-use projects, while simultaneously exploring new growth opportunities 
in emerging businesses to support every dimension of modern living.
Regional ExpansionWe continue to instill the pioneering spirit that is at the heart of our DNA, bringing the best of 
Thailand to the region and the world, and vice versa, through strategic partnerships and the development of new 
business models to strengthen competitiveness and drive sustainable long-term growth.
Co-CreationWe deliver greatest value to our customers when we co-create in partnership with our tenants and 
business partnersto continuously develop solutions and experiences that meet the needs of all stakeholders.
SustainableWe are committed to creating long term value for all stakeholders. We believe in growing sustainably 
and doing good for the Environment, People, the Community and for Business, to create long-term balance across 
economic, social, and environmental value.
Empowered Peopleur people are our greatest strength, and we believe in empowering people to realize their full 
potential to enable future growth.


=== PAGE 10 ===
#MARKER:PART_1
Part 1 Business Operations and Performance     6
1.1.2 Material changes and developments
Details regarding material changes and developments
years
Material changes and developments
2025
The Company is firmly committed to shaping the future through world-class mega projects, leveraging 
over 45 years of experience and leadership in driving national development. Guided by its Retail-led 
Mixed-use Development strategy, the Company builds on core expertise in location selection, 
catchment analysis, master planning, and strategic partnerships. This approach has led to the creation 
of new landmarks, including “The Central Phahonyothin,” a new CBD of Bangkok, and the highly 
successful launch of “Central Park,” now recognized as a new landmark of the capital.
The Company has announced a total investment budget of Baht120 bn during 2025–2029. In 2025, key 
developments across business segments are summarized as follows:
Rental and Service Businesses
       Shopping Centers
The Company launched two shopping center projects: Central Park, opened in September 2025, 
with approximately 32,000 sq.m. of net leasable area. The project is part of one of the Company’s 
flagship mega mixed-use developments, strategically located in Bangkok’s Central CBD. Central 
Krabi, opened in October 2025, with approximately 20,000 sq.m. of net leasable area. Developed 
under a Green Mall concept, the project is the Company’s first to adopt new technology for 
energy management.
In addition, the Company opened Market Place Thepharak, a community mall in northern 
Bangkok, in March 2025, with approximately 5,000 sq.m. of net leasable area. The project 
integrates a traditional community mall format with a fresh market concept to effectively serve 
local community needs.
       Office Buildings
The Company opened Central Park Offices in September 2025, offering approximately 66,000 sq.m. of 
net leasable area. The building has achieved Green Building certification and forms part of the Dusit 
Central Park mixed-use development. The project stands out for its prime location with direct 
connectivity to both BTS and MRT mass transit systems.
Hotel Business
In November 2025, the Company opened GO! Hotel Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, a premium budget 
hotel located adjacent to Robinson Lifestyle Latkrabang and approximately 10 minutes from 
Suvarnabhumi Airport. The hotel offers strong value through its strategic location, competitive pricing, 
convenient access to retail facilities, and the standardized quality of the GO! Hotel brand.
Residential Development for Sale
In 2025, the Company launched nine residential projects, comprising:
Four condominium projects: 1) PHYLL Phuket 2; 2) PHYLL Phahol 59 Station; 3) PHYLL Krabi; 4) ESCENT 
Chonburi
Five low-rise housing projects: 1) Baan Nirati Chaengwattana–Chaiyaphruek; 2) Baan Nirada 
Chaengwattana–Chaiyaphruek; 3) Baan Ninya Krungthep Kreetha–Motorway; 4) Baan Ninya Krabi; 5) Baan 
Ninya Ramindra 83
Other Developments
In August 2025, the Company sold the remaining leasehold rights of approximately 10,000 sq.m. of 
leasable area at Central Rama 2 to CPNREIT under a 30-year lease agreement, while CPN is a property 
manager.
